README.md, before:

# Weather Dashboard

A weather dashboard that features dynamically updated HTML and CSS using OpenWeather API data.

## User Story
AS A traveler I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly

## Functionality
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs <br>
WHEN I search for a city <br>
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history <br>
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city <br>
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index <br>
WHEN I view the UV index <br>
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe <br>
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city <br>
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity <br>
WHEN I click on a city in the search history <br>
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

## Snapshot
![applications snapshot](/assets/images/weather-snap.JPG)

## Links
Repository - https://github.com/irvingjem/weather-dashboard
Live Site - https://irvingjem.github.io/weather-dashboard/

Commit message:

updated readme using readme generator and cleaned up to look nicer

README.md, after:

# Weather Dashboard

A weather dashboard that features dynamically updated HTML and CSS using OpenWeather API data.

## USER STORY
AS A traveler I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly

## Table of Contents 
------

* [Installation](#installation)

* [About](#about)

* [Demo](#demo)

* [Author](#author)


## Installation
None needed simply open webpage through github pages and search

## About
This is a simple webpage using fetch and a weather API to get and print data

## Demo
![applications snapshot](/assets/images/weather-snap.JPG)
## Author 
Me :)
## Functionality
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs <br>
WHEN I search for a city <br>
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history <br>
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city <br>
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index <br>
WHEN I view the UV index <br>
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe <br>
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city <br>
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity <br>
WHEN I click on a city in the search history <br>
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
## Links
Repository - https://github.com/irvingjem/weather-dashboard
Live Site - https://irvingjem.github.io/weather-dashboard/
